update docs for source sampling (#42)
CNERG/pyne: docs/usersguide/source_sampling.rst

contain source densities (on the "source_density" tag) and optionally biased
source densities (the "biased_source_density" tag). An "idum" card must be used
in the MCNP5 input file. This card should have three arguments. The first is the
sampling mode (0: DEFAULT_ANALOG, 1: DEFAULT_UNIFORM, 2: DEFAULT_USER,
3: SUBVOXEL_ANALOG, 4: SUBVOXEL_UNIFORM, 5: SUBVOXEL_USER). The second is the
resample limit for void and cell rejections. For a given particle, if a source

> position is selected in void (MCNP materal 0) or in a cell disagree with the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
position is selected in void (MCNP materal 0) or in a cell that disagrees with the
```
